Jonathan Giovanni at the adidas eurocamp
in treviso italy sitting here with David
a yellow neck from the Czech Republic
David how's the camp going for you how
did it go for you wasn't this dam is
about the game no to show people who are
agents from the NPA so what we know and
how we play normally you know I think it
was good finally we know each other you
know so the last game always is better
than the first hell because the first
game is ours I don't know I don't know
really good this guy who was next to me
you know so you need some practice some
games know each know each other better
but I think that's in the end it was
really good step in this last game here
you were playing with your teammate on
the national team from i SAT around ski
looks like you guys have some very good
chemistry already yeah I mean you know
each other really good because play
together in the out of 1600 another
planet so we know how we play you know
how to play together so we can make a
lot of fast break my booty fans and we
know more or less where will be the
other guy in the offense or in the
defense so it's good for people who
don't know you know very much about your
background can you tell us a little bit
about how you got to Spain and all that
so I'm from Spain
since I was 16 I started a junior team
there and I was passing to the senior
categories and this last year i was
playing in an ECB worse new experience
for me you know is really pop level in
the europe there was something new for
me but i think it was really good season
was i I get the chance to play a lot of
minutes sonos good we're kind of player
are you single dime guy can shoot the
ball and pass the ball but also you know
on a top level because I starting to
play there maybe I need to take more
time to possibly know the Russian less
that I nor my do it now to be better you
got to play here in front of a lot of
NBA scouts and general managers is
playing in the NBA is that a goal for
you long term for us I think like
everybody who is here you know it's our
dream to be one day and keep playing and
an MBA and the best player on the world
so how do you need to become a very good
player in your first before you go over
there is that important for you I mean I
would like you but if I got the chance
to go to the NBA and place couple of
minutes so i will be thinking about it
but i would like to be first good / in
the europe and then maybe go or if i can
go go to the air
what do you need to work on this summer
to help you accomplish your goals I mean
I think that I need maybe do it with
more ways to get more muscle you know
play stronger and the after just
continue in mind about my Virginia to
keep shooting the ball made some defense
keeping with my work what I do number
was it hard for you to leave your family
at age 16
unless I mean my family was good because
they push me you know to go there
because they was not going to be really
good for me to play there but what do
you say that surprise you know this you
don't know their nobody so it's like the
first couple of months you are like
alone there you try to make friends so
it's difficult but right now I'm asking
time in good position my parents also
come a lot of times so right now is
really good your fellow czech republic
teammate he invested i also left his
house when he was 16 to go play abroad
is that something that young guys me
checker probably need to do to take the
next step in their career i mean i don't
think that vortex it's really neat be
all too proud to be a good player but i
think that if you try to go from the
first checklist is difficult because the
level it's not that tough like in other
countries in europe so maybe for the
young guys to grow up in this team when
they will play in the future ago or
campaign in the future so maybe maybe
it's better what what is it about the
czech republic that is producing so many
talented young basketball players it
seems like 10 years ago there were not
very many guys coming out and now with
you jaan Tomas there's some other keys
link there's a lot of young guys coming
out we got good generation up from the
good guys some 90 like I am less
categories we start to do or we start to
really good friends you know because
the coaches from the thieves working
with them so that's what we needed who
are better now so this for example good
in the local sex pain I think that also
a tally the coaches are walking a few
individual so these things help you lot
to be better you know so that's what
some coaches time to do in a check and I
think that this is the progress for the
check back do you think we'll ever see a
time where basketball czech republic is
just as big as ice hockey or soccer I
think that's never be like before I like
soccer or ice hockey but if we gonna
start to do some or start to play good
and make some rest we present so from
them we can build something you know but
right now or in the couple in the future
in a couple of years it's going to be
difficult to be on the same level like
these new status report on David I want
to thank you so much for your time and
wish you guys good luck in the future